doc: Improve LP docs related to `cf_pool_liquidity` (#491)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/lp/integrations/lp-rpcs.mdx

### `cf_pool_liquidity`

> Returns all the liquidity available for swaps in a particular pool.
> This will **not** include pending transactions in the mempool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all the liquidity available for swaps in a particular pool, at a given block hash. If not provided, returns data for the latest block. Note that this does **not** take into account any pending transactions in the mempool.
```
